Clarify usage of `IUnionMembers` interface (#55183)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/union.md

### Union member providers

> [!NOTE]
> If an `IUnionMembers` interface is used, all union members must be defined on that interface.

> A union type can delegate its union members to a nested `IUnionMembers` interface. When this interface is present, the compiler looks for `Create` factory methods instead of constructors:

Reviewer: This probably shouldn't be a note.  Instead, I'd flow it into the regular text, based on Alexsey's comments on the runtime issue:

```suggestion
A union type can delegate its union members to a nested `IUnionMembers` interface. When this interface is present, the `union` type behaves as a *union member provider*. The compiler generates code to call the `IUnionMembers` interface. It won't generate calls to members declared on the union type that aren't members of the nested `IUnionMembers` interface. As the following example shows, that means you must add the necessary factory methods and the appropriate `TryGetValue` methods for all case types:
```
